Questions:
1.What is Priority Inheritance?
2.How to find circular loop?
3.Write your own strcat()?
4.Write the power function[x power y]?
5.What is Singleton class? Explain with code
6.What is Abstract class? Explain with code
7.What is observer pattern? Explain with code 
8.What is virtual function? Why do we use?
9.What is pure virtual function ?Will it have body? Why do we use?
10.What is Abstract class? Why do we use?
11.What is virtual constructor and virtual destructor?
12.What is volatile keyword ? Where do we use
13.What is register ? declaration ?Why is it used?
14.Reverse linked list Recursively
15.Delete nodes in unsorted linked list?
16.Implement stack and queue using linked list?
17.Given a Single pointer to a node of Single linked list,How to do you delete that node?
18.What is constant variable ? Why do we use?
19.Write the code for getting the no. of bites set count in a number?
20.Where is static and constant variables get stored ?
21.Implement string palindrome without using string reverse?
22.Find the middle node using only pointer
23.Implement constructor,copy constructor and assignment operator for a class with single pointer,constant variable?
24.What is Initializer list?Why do we use it?
25.What is Dangling pointer? Explain few scenarios
26.What is Segmentation fault? Scenarios for it?
27.How to allocate memory to a ptr without deleting the existing memory?Write the syntax for the same?
28.What is null pointer? Why do we use it?
29.What is wild,void pointer? Where do we use void type pointer
30.Explain vptr and vtble using virtual function? 
31.How many vtbles n vptrs are created for a Base n its Derived class?
32.Where does vptr initialization takes place?When does vtable get created[compile time/Run time]?
33.What does vtble contain?
34.Explain how do you implement stack using queues?
35.Explain how do you implement Queue using Stacks?
36.What is object slicing?Where does it occur?
37.Explain static and dynamic linking libraries?
38.Explain few design patterns with real time examples?
40.What is the difference b/w Thread and Process
41.What are the different types of IPC's available?
42.Explain Each IPC in detail?
43.What is the difference b/w Message Queue and Pipe?
44.What are the Synchronization Techniques available? Explain Each in detail
45.What is semaphore? How many types of semaphores are available?
46.Difference b/w counting and binary semaphore?
47.Difference b/w Binary Semaphore and mutex?
48.A Binary semaphore with condition variables,Can it behave like mutex?
49.Reverse the given string using stack ?
50.What are bit fields?Why do we use it?Explain in detail with examples
51.What is core dump? How do you use gdb?Explain gdb in detail
52.How to do gdb for multi-threaded application











